Please create a vanilla html/js page to do a headache diary for use on a mobile. The diary uses local storage to save the data.



Make the diary resize so that it always fits within a single browser screen. Use nice pastel colours (blues, purples, light greys)
The diary looks as follows:
There is a title that says "Headache diary"

Then there is the navigation bar.
The navigation bar starts with the current year (which has to be dynamically determined), in big font. Then there are two button "<<" and ">>" which allow to decrement and increment the year.  Then there is a button to share the diary which call the WebShareAPI to share the DIARYREPORT (see below). At right side there is a delete data button. When pressed this brings up a modal which says "Warning, this will delete your diary data", and a "continue" and "cancel" button. When the "continue" is pressed, the diary data is deleted, and the page is reloaded.
the navigation bar stays at the stop even when scrolling

Then the diary proper starts. This consists of a collection of twelve tables, one for each month. The table has an entry for each day. The table is arranged over 3 or 4 rows depending on the number of days in the month.

A diary entry consists of 4 rows:
row 1: the date in a different colour which fits with colour way
row 2 (centred): M (which means "migraine") or H (which means " headache") or left empty if there was no headache
row 3 (centred): "mild", "mod", "sev" indicating the severity of the headache. empty if there was no headache
row 4 (Centred): an "x" if a painkiller was taken, or empty if there was no headache. Make the cells big enough to that they can fit all of this text in, and make them a fixed size both in weight an.
for row 2 to 4 use a bold font.
When clicking on the diary entry, it opens the "cell change modal"

The "cell change modal" is an interface to change the value of the diary entry selected.
At the top of the modal is the date of the selected sell and a button to close the modal.

The modal again has three rows:
row 1: A label "did you have a: " followed by a "migraine" and a "headache" button. Pressing the "migraine" button stores an "M" for the diary entry , the "headache" button stores an "H"
row 2: A label "severity" followed by a "mild", a "moderate" and a "severe" button, they store "mild", "mod","sev" respectively
row 3:a label "treatment" a "did you take a painkiller or triptan" button. Stores an "x" if pressed.
The buttons in this modal are like toggles, i.e. when pressed they stay pressed, and the next click unpresses them. For rows 1 and 2 the buttons are mutually exclusive, i.e. pressing one button unpresses the other. Make the buttons look pretty and rounded.

the cell correponding to current day (which should be dynamically queried) should be displayed in pastel lilac colour. on loading the app should travel to the current day.

The DIARYREPORT (which is not visible to the user, and only used for WebShare purposes) displays the following:
"Headache diary summary on CURRENTDATE" where currentdate is today
"Last 30 day summary:"
Then a table with following rows:
total number of headaches days: Htot where Htot is the number of diary entries with either an "H" or an "M" in the last 30 days up to today inclusive
total number of migraine days: Mtot where Mtot is the number of diary entries  with an M in the last 30 days up to today inclusive
total number of painkiller days: Ptot where Ptot is the number of diary entries  with an x in the last 30 days up to today inclusive
The table ends there.
then a Ascii table representing the diary entries (both empty and filled) over the last 90 days.
here endeth the DIARYREPORT
